Project Overview: 
Cookipedia - Your Personal Recipe Journal
Cookipedia is a web-based platform designed to help users document, save, and organize their favorite recipes in a personal journal. 
With a clean and intuitive user interface, Cookipedia makes it easy for individuals to store, manage, and retrieve their recipes at any time.
Whether you're a professional chef or someone who loves experimenting with new dishes, this platform offers a space to keep all your culinary creations in one place.

Key Features:
User Authentication: Users can sign up and log in to their accounts securely, ensuring that their recipes are saved privately in their personal recipe journal.
Recipe Management: Users can add recipes with titles, dates, and ingredient lists. The platform supports the easy addition of images, making the recipe entries visually appealing and informative.
Calendar Integration: Cookipedia features a calendar view, enabling users to organize and track their recipe entries by date.
Responsive Design: The interface is user-friendly and adjusts to different screen sizes, providing a smooth experience on both desktop and mobile devices.
Search Functionality: A search bar allows users to quickly find recipes by title, date, or ingredients.

Technology:
Frontend: The platform is built using React to create a dynamic, interactive user interface, making the experience more fluid and engaging for users.
Backend: Tailwind CSS is used in the backend for styling, offering a clean and modern design, while Node.js with an Express.js server is responsible for handling user authentication, recipe management, and data storage.
Database: MongoDB stores user information and recipe data securely, providing flexibility in managing the data.
Authentication: User authentication is managed via secure login/signup protocols, ensuring privacy and safety.

Setup:
To get started with the Cookipedia project, follow these steps:

1. Backend Setup:
Navigate to the backend folder and install dependencies:
cd backend
npm install
npm start

2. Frontend Setup:
Navigate to the frontend folder and then into the travel-story-app directory:
cd frontend
cd travel-story-app
npm install
npm run dev
